Neapolitan mastiff origin has origin in
Italy is one of the annoying
descendants of the Tibet Bulldog is a
very strong dog and in the time of the
Romans was used in wars fights
as a guard dog as the empire
roman fell this race was about to
disappear character is a dog of
guard and defense is a quiet dog
intelligent loyal balanced protector
brave noble friendly and not very aggressive
he likes children but you have to
monitor when you are with them because without
want can hurt you because of your
large size usually is not a
aggressive dog never attacks but you
provokes but is always alert
get along with strangers always
see that your masters are safe has a
great protective instinct and it is very
loyal your vocation has to be done
when is a puppy
no no no
and coexistence with other animals
Neapolitan mastiff is a dominant dog
and our advice that lives with others
animals in the house but in the street yes
if you tolerate them care is a race that
need some care such as bathing the
frequent and of your face after each
food especially among the folds of
Your skin needs a feed
balanced large quantities due
to its large size it is recommended that
rest on the hard floor health can
have hip and elbow dysplasia and
twisting the stomach activity is a
large dog that needs to live
in a house with a garden lives better in a
cold weather that in a warm one needs
perform a lot of physical activity
physical characteristics the mastiff
Neapolitan male is between 65 and 75
centimeters and weighs between 60 and 70 kilos
the female is between 60 and 68 centimeters
and weighs between 50 and 60 kilos hope
of life is 10 years ago he made a dog of
size
thin and short fine hair can be
black tabby color some times
and no white gloves on the chest
his head is short and ANSA eyes are
separated the ears are small
separated and have triangular shape
they are hung the neck is short in a
muscled the holy and muscular chest the
cola grossa and at the beginning every time
is doing closer thanks
follow us and if you liked it, do not doubt
in giving you like if you have doubts comment or
is expected in the next video